Add ADR about adding extra security to support (#1783)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-postgraduate-teacher-training: adr/0012-extra-security-for-support.md

The technical implementation:

When a support user visits the site they sign in as usual using DfE Signin. When they return to Apply, we check if they have a valid “email\_confirmed” cookie set. If not, they’ll see a screen saying that they’ve received an email with a confirmation link. If they click the link, we’ll set the “email\_confirmed” cookie and allow them access to the site.

The “email\_confirmed” cookie is [signed to avoid tampering](https://apidock.com/rails/v6.0.0/ActionDispatch/Cookies/ChainedCookieJars/signed). It contains the user ID of the user (so it can’t be shared) and an expiry date 7 days in the future (so that emails have to be reconfirmed every 7 days).

## Other options that have been considered

For this ADR we considered a wide variety of options. In addition to solving the 2 issues described above, we looked at how straightforward the implementation would be, the ease of use, the level of security it would provide, and if it could be re-used to provide additional security for the provider interface.

> All options have their trade-offs. We’ve chosen to go with the Email confirmation option, since it is fairly straightforward to implement and it fulfills our 2 requirements (unlike B, C, D, E, F). Compared to option G (SSO), it’s easier to migrate to as it doesn’t change as much for users and works for all users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All options have their trade-offs. We’ve chosen to go with the Email confirmation option, since it is fairly straightforward to implement and it fulfills our 2 requirements (unlike B, C, D, E, F). Option G (SSO) is not possible as we need to support users on the `@education.gov.uk` domain which is not a Google apps domain.
```
